Description of the dataset

The dataset consists of 4 files from two different years of the course:
the files with names ending with A correspond to an earlier year and the
files ending with B to a later year.

The organisation of the course was mostly the same in both years. The
lecture was held in the auditorium on Friday at 12:15, and was also
broadcast and recorded. In addition, on Monday and Tuesday there was a
practical session (lab) in the auditorium in different groups. There are
no data on the number of participants in the auditorium, but for the
lecture, for example, the number of people present in the auditorium was
about one third of the number of viewers online. During the semester,
there were 12 homework assignments, which could be done in English or
Estonian, depending on the student's preference. The homework
assignments were published on the course webpage and were submitted
electronically. There was a midterm exam in week 10 and a final exam at
the end of the week, both on paper, but the results and feedback were
published online. The exams could also be done in either English or
Estonian. The rest of the activities were not dubbed into another
language. New week's materials were opened on a rolling basis each week.

For both years, the data are in two files.

* The file activity_log_X.csv (where X = A or B) contains all the
interactions of the students with the content of the course and the times
when these activities took place. The columns are as follows.

Day
    The number of the day. Day 1 is the first Monday of the semester.

Time
    The time of the activity on the day.

Student
    The code of the student who performed the activity.

Activity
    The name of the activity.

Activity names mean the following.

Joined Week N lecture online (where N = 1 to 15)
    Joined the live online lecture of the corresponding week at a time
    when the online broadcast of the lecture was active. There was no
    lecture in week 10 and week 16, which were the dates of the midterm
    exam and the first final exam respectively. Due to public holidays,
    there was also no lecture in weeks 3 and 9 in the first year (file
    A) and in week 7 in the second year (file B).

Watched Week N lecture recording (where N = 1 to 15)
    After the lecture, the lecture recording was made available to
    students and could be viewed at any time afterwards. If a lecture
    was cancelled, a recording of a previous year's lecture on the same
    topic was sometimes made available for viewing.

Watched past years' Week N lecture recording
    Archived lecture recordings from even earlier years.

Viewed Week N lecture slides
    Lecture slides were made available regardless of whether a lecture
    took place.

Viewed Week N study materials on English / Estonian
    After the lecture, written textual study materials were available
    for each content week in English and Estonian in parallel.

Started Homework N in English / Estonian
    Viewed the homework assignment for the first time. The homework was
    only published online. The learner could choose in which language to
    do the homework.

Submitted Homework N in English / Estonian
    Submitted homework solutions. The homework was due at 23:59 and
    could not be submitted late. It could happen that the student opened
    the homework but did not submit the solutions.

Practiced submitting the homework in English / Estonian
    This was a technical tool which allowed any text to be submitted any
    number of times. This allowed the student to check, for example,
    whether the mathematical symbols were displayed correctly and how
    the homework would look after submission. Practice submissions were
    not graded.

Viewed sample solutions of Homework N
    After the homework deadline, sample solutions of the homework were
    published for anyone who wished to study them.

Viewed the feedback on Homework N in English / Estonian
    To see the feedback, the students had to enter the homework
    submission tool. Homeworks 1 and 3 were automatically graded and
    their feedback became available immediately after the deadline, the
    remaining homeworks was corrected by human tutors and their feedback
    appeared after a few days. Students may have opened such homeworks
    several times to see if feedback had already been arrived.

Viewed past years' exams
    On the course page, the students could access the tasks of previous
    years' midterms and exams.

Viewed the midterm exam review quiz
    In the second year (B-files), a small quiz was given before the
    midterm exam to review the exam.

Viewed the feedback on the Y exam
    The midterm exam and the final exam were paper-based. The exam
    papers were scanned and then graded electronically. Accordingly, the
    results and feedback were published electronically.

Viewed Y exam tasks after the exam in English / Estonian
    The tasks were put on the course page after the midterm and the
    final exam.

Viewed sample solutions of the Y exam
    Similarly to the homeworks, sample solutions were published after the
    midterm and the final exam.

Viewed the course information page
    The course information page contains general information about the
    course, the deadlines, the grading scheme and overview of the course
    content, as well as links to old lecture videos, study materials and
    the solutions of previous midterms and exams.

Read a post in the announcements forum
    The forum was mainly used to provide information about the
    activities and deadlines of the course.

Viewed the dictionary of terms
    As the course materials were in two languages, students had access
    to a dictionary of terms between English and Estonian.

* The file grades_X.csv (where X = A or B) contains all the points
obtained by the students in all the activities of the course, the total
number of points and the grade. The columns are as follows.

Student
    The code of the student, the same as in the file activity_log_X.csv.

Homework N (Y version) (where N = 1, ..., 12 and Y = English or Estonian)
    The number of points received for the homework with the corresponding
    number. Each student could choose to solve either the English or the
    Estonian version, the maximum of the scores were taken into
    account. In total there were 12 homeworks throughout the semester.

Bonus
    Number of bonus points collected during the semester. Bonus points
    were only awarded in the second year (B-files).

Midterm exam N (Y version)
    Number of points obtained in the midterm exam. Each student could
    choose either the English or the Estonian version. The midterm exam
    took place in the 10th week of the semester, with the possibility to
    take it a second time at the end of the semester and a third time
    during the examination session.

Final exam N (Y version)
    Number of points obtained in the final exam. Each student could
    choose either the English or the Estonian version. There were two
    possible times for the exam, the first at the time of the lecture in
    week 16 and the second during the exam session. If necessary, a
    re-examination could be taken afterwards.

Total
    The total number of points in the course. The sum of the homework
    points contributed 20% to the total, the midterm exam 40% and the
    final exam 40%. The maximum number of points possible for both
    homework, midterm and final exam was 110.

Grade
    Final grade according to the total number of points. The grading
    scale was A>=90, B>=80, C>=70, D>=60, E>=50, F<50. If the student
    did not participate at all in the course, the grade was '-'.
